{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13780\viewh10920\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1) Data in respective folders\
\
\
2) Central Questions: \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 In order to approach this project in a more manageable manner I will be narrowing the states I intend to examine to three states with relatively good labour laws compared to three right to work states. \

\i0 \
1) Is there a difference in eviction rates in right to work states compared to non-right to work states?\
\
2) How do these eviction rates differ?\
\
3) Is there a difference between unionization rates in right to work states and non right to work states?\
\
4) How do these unionization rates differ?\
\
5) Is there any pattern in unionization rates / eviction rates? Do States with higher unionization rates tend to have higher or lower rates of eviction? Visa versa.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
3) So far I have three different sets of tables. The first set is Princeton Eviction Lab CSVs for the States I have chosen. The second set is BLS data on unionization rates\'97these data sets are split between membership in unions are represented by unions. The third data set is minimum wage rates for the same time period by state. Ideally, I would have liked to match this with living wage data from MIT, but MIT currently has not released historical living wage data to make this comparison worthwhile. \
\
I\'92ve attached a sketched scan of my final database to this folder. Sketch_Database.jpeg\
\
\
4) Datasets can be found in folders ending in _CSV. Eviction_Lab_CSV, Membership_Union_CSV, Repersented_Union_CSV. and minimum_wage_data\
\
6) Datasets have been cleaned to represent the outputs desired on the map. \
\
}